Welcome back.
What is this weird syntax in order for us to understand that we have to understand this idea of a templating
language.
You see the power of flask is the fact that we can build things dynamically.
What I mean by this.
Well let's assume that in the body tag here I write to curly brackets like this if I do in here four
plus five and I save let's go back to our website with our cool lightning bolt and let me close this
for now.
If I refresh I get nine.
Is that what you expected.
How is that possible.
Because if you're wondering this isn't HMO if I did this in a regular HMO it will just show the actual
curly brackets curly brackets four plus five.
But something is happening here flask looks at these double curly brackets and says oh this is an expression.
This is a python expression that I actually need to evaluate.
And this is actually the exciting thing with flask underneath the hood.
It uses something called Ginger a templating language.
It's a way for us to do this.
And flask comes built in with that.
So if we look at the fabric on what we just did is we've used ginger to say hey I want you to evaluate
this as Python.
So if I copy this and I go to server dot pi and in here let's just do a print and paste this in.
That is the exact same thing that we added to our shemale except for we now need that you are all for
that comes with flask.
Let's move this here actually inside of the root Phi refresh I see over here that I get static bolt
that ICL.
So it's printing the actual U.R.L. static slash bolt that ICL.
Now I could just technically have copy and pasted this and just done this whole thing as a string instead
of using your output.
But if you go to the documentation of flask it talks about your URL for and why it's a good idea to
build your url instead of hard coding them.
And it gives you actual reason of why you might do that for now.
You can just think of it as a safer way to build your house.
So that's all we're doing we're essentially saying grab the bolt dot ICL from the static folder and
we're able to do this through this templating language very very cool and now we have an extra power
in our tool belt that is we're now able to dynamically update parts of the page.
What do I mean by this.
Imagine if our super cool web site when I actually refresh here gives me the user name of that person
for example if I request for the blog of Andre and I hit run ideally I'll say hi Andre and then maybe
show my blog post using flask.
We can do that and let's find out how to do that in the next video.